Merge Astro and Software CLI docs (#1317)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-airflow-upgrade.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment airflow upgrade"
title: "astro deployment airflow upgrade"
id: astro-deployment-airflow-upgrade
description: Reference documentation for astro deployment airflow upgrade.
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

:::info 

This command is available only if you're authenticated to an Astronomer Software installation. 

:::

Initializes the Airflow version upgrade process on any Airflow Deployment on Astronomer. See [Upgrade Airflow on Astronomer Software](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/manage-airflow-versions)

### Usage

> Run `astro deployment airflow upgrade --deployment-id` to initialize the Airflow upgrade process. To finalize the Airflow upgrade process, complete all of the steps as described in [Upgrade Airflow on Astronomer Software](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/manage-airflow-versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `astro deployment airflow upgrade --deployment-id` to initialize the Airflow upgrade process. To finalize the Airflow upgrade process, complete all of the steps in [Upgrade Airflow on Astronomer Software](https://docs.astronomer.io/software/manage-airflow-versions).
```

If you do not specify `--desired-airflow-version`, this command creates a list of available Airflow versions that you can select. The Astro CLI lists only the available Airflow versions that are later than the version currently specified in your `Dockerfile`.

### Options

| Option                        | Description                                                                                                                    | Possible values
| --------------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `--cancel` | Cancel the upgrade                                                                | None | 

> | `--deployment-id`           | The ID of the Deployment for which you want to upgrade Airflow. To find your Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list`.     | Any Deployment ID |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--deployment-id`           | The ID of the Deployment that you want to upgrade the Airflow version. Run `astro deployment list` to retrieve your Deployment ID.     | Any Deployment ID |
```

> | `--desired-airflow-version` | The Airflow version you're upgrading to (for example, `2.2.0`).                                                                | Any supported Airflow version | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--desired-airflow-version` | The Airflow version you're upgrading to. For example, `2.2.0`.                                                                | Any supported Airflow version | 
```
